(USAGI) Dearest Mamo... It looks
like Siren knows about my secret
identity!
Could a fun evening flight with
the Three Lights actually be a
trap to draw me out? If it is...
then my friends are in danger
because of me! I have to do
something...!
When Chibi-Chibi touched my
tiara... I felt a huge surge of
energy...
[chewing]
We felt that energy too... So,
that explains it then...
[chewing]
(MINAKO) Hey, now that I think
of it.
That could be why Chibi-Chibi
came here in the first place...
To give us this new power.
[stunned exhale]
The starlight we all sensed...
It was hers!
The princess was there that day!
Do you think that was her way of
saying she got our message?
Let's hope so, and keep at it.
We'll find her soon... I know
it.
(USAGI) Invitation to Terror:
Usagi's Night Flight!
That repulsive light could
completely change my destiny.
Don't think you'll keep getting
chances! My patience is wearing
thin.
Rest assured, Master Galaxia.
Hm?
Because I've already managed to
find a true Star Seed.
What?!
[gasp]
Yup! And I have the perfect plan
to get it.
Uh, Siren... Be careful...
You've failed me before. Are you
sure?
Uh-huh!
[worried sigh]
So what's the plan?
Let's see... We'll need to catch
the 4:30 monorail, so let's
leave with enough time to-
Good morning!
Usagi?!
Uh, you sure are early today...
[chuckle] So, what were you two
talking about?
Uhhh...
Oh, nothing...
Huh?
Is it something you can't tell
me?
I-It's not like that...
I-I wouldn't worry about it. We
were only-
(MINAKO) Good morning!
[gasps]
We're leaving right after
school, right?!
Minako!
[giggles] Ah!
G-good morning, Usagi... You're
early today...
Guess I wake up earlier on days
when I smell a secret...
Ah! A... secret? What secret?
Listen. We're friends...
...aren't we?
Well, of course we... are...
I thought... [sniffle]...
we were best friends that would
never keep things from each
other!
Minako...
Yeah, my bad...
(USAGI) A fan event?!
Yup! The Three Lights are
chartering a private jet tonight
to show their upcoming movie to
some of their fan club!
And the boys are gonna be right
there watching it with all of
us!
(MINAKO) Looking down at the
city lights from a jet... with
Seiya, Yaten...
and Taiki by my side...
So romantic!
Ehhh...
Minako... maybe you should
stop...
Wahhh! I wanna go with you guys!
Come on!
I wanna watch a movie on plane
too! [crying]
Uh, but you're not a member of
the fan club, Usagi.
Fine! Then I'll just join it
now! Seiya!
I had a feeling she'd do this...
Huh? You're joining my fan club?
Yeah! So uh, can I get an event
ticket?
Sorry, Bun-head... But there was
a limited number of them and
they're all gone now.
Gah! [grunt]
Oh!
Hey, Taiki!
It's too late to ask the day of
the event.
[whine] Hmph!
[chuckle] Yaten...
Yeah, no...
[dejected sigh]
Come on, help me...
[sigh] I feel kinda bad for
her...
This is exactly why I said we
shouldn't tell Usagi about the
event.
I'm sorry.
Anyone wanna give up their
ticket?
No way! I had to mail in thirty
postcards to get my ticket...
so I'm not gonna just hand it
over to Usagi!
[sigh]
Cheer up... We'll tell you all
about the event when we get
back, okay?
That's right! A-and about all
the food! [chuckle]
A-anyway...
We've gotta meet up with Rei,
so...
[chuckle]
See ya later...
[heavy sigh]
I'm home...
Chibi-Chibi!
I wanted to ride on a plane with
everyone... [whimpering]
Chibi?
[sigh] Oh... huh?
Hey, what's that in your hand?
It's a letter... for me?
That's weird... There's no stamp
or address written on it...
Huh?!
A ticket for tonight's event!
Oh wow! It looks like Seiya came
through after all!
Uhh... Let's see, "Dear Miss
Sailor Moon..." Huh?!
"There's a special seat waiting
just for you."
"I trust that you'll come and
join us for the festivities.
Sincerely..."
...Sailor Aluminum Siren.
How does she know who I am?
Chibi?
Uh! Wait where am I going...
Right! Airport!
Huh?
(ANNOUNCER) All passengers
boarding the J-A-N flight 135
charter plane for the Three
Lights event, please head to
gate...
(USAGI) You need to hurry!
I can't really go any faster,
ma'am...
But the plane is taking off
soon!
(FLIGHT ATTENDANT) Emergency
exits are found in the front,
middle...
and back of the aircraft...
Poor Usagi, I hope she's not too
upset...
Please, she's probably at home
crying like a baby right now.
Please make it in time!
[chattering]
Hey there! We thank you all for
coming today.
And we're really glad that we
get to spend this time with you!
I hope that you have lots of fun
here tonight.
Uh.
They're going up to the second
floor...
Wait, why?!
I'm sure they'll come back down
to talk to everyone about the
movie once it's over...
[groaning]
(FLIGHT ATTENDANT) We are
currently waiting for one
passenger to board the aircraft.
Thank you for your patience.
Wow... So people even show up
late for things like this.
Unbelievable!
I guess there are slowpokes
everywhere. Reminds me of
someone...
[awkward chuckles]
[heavy breathing] Wait!
Welcome aboard.
You can't take off! Cancel the
flight!
Huh?
Listen to me! You're in danger!
I'm sorry ma'am, we're behind
schedule so please hurry. This
way!
[gasp] B-but I'm serious! You
have to stop this flight!
[gasp]
What?
What's wrong, Ami?
No wait!
(AMI) It's Usagi!
Huh?!
So it is... I guess she got
herself a ticket.
Wait a sec! How come she gets to
go up to the second floor with
the Three Lights?!
Bun-head?!
Seiya!
Please, you have to cancel this
event!
What are you talking about? And
how'd you get a ticket anyway?
I got it from a- uh! Look, you
can't let this plane take off!
(YATEN) I think it's too late
for that.
'Cause we're moving.
Huh?!
Oh, no... [worried breath]
What now?
[chuckle]
[chuckle] I've no idea what's
going on...
[gasp]
But don't worry.
No matter what happens, I will
protect you, kay?
The ticket was sent to my
house...
This must be a trap...
If anything bad happens then...
[evil chuckle]
You'll have your true Star Seed
soon, Master Galaxia. Very soon.
[gulp and gasp]
[embarrassed breath]
(MAKOTO) What do you think?
(REI) Meh...
It'd be better if the Three
Lights were with is, but they're
not so I'm over it.
[chuckle] I hope everyone has a
nice nap.
Now. It's time to start the
in-flight service.
[yawning] No more...
Is everyone else sleeping?
Well of course they are!
We wanted a romantic flight with
the Three Lights and instead we
got this.
Yeah, while Usagi...
...gets them all to herself!
That's it! We're joining her!
What the...?!
May I have your attention!
Be sure to fasten your
seat belts!
[gasp]
Seiya!
I can't...
...move!
We know you have many choices
for flying, but we thank you for
choosing us.
Wait, you're...!
She tried to warn us...
(TAIKI) We should've listened!
[chuckle]
If you wish to save the lives of
these boys and the other
passengers...
then surrender your true Star
Seed over to me.
....Usagi Tsukino. Or should I
say...
...Sailor Moon?
[gasp]
Huh?!
[gasps]
She's Sailor Moon?! Seriously?
[speechless gasps]
[shocked breaths]
[chuckle] Sorry. We're 10,000
feet in the air. You have
nowhere to run.
[grunt] Hold it!
Hmph!
Girls!
Who invited you four?! Ms.
Sailor Flight Attendants!
Yes, ma'am!
Whoah!
O-ow... [pained groans]
Please return to your seats!
We refuse!
[pained groan] Come on,
everyone...!
Let's force our way through!
Ready for takeoff!
[grunts and arguing]
Please keep them busy for me,
Ms. Sailor Flight Attendants!
Girls! [gasp]
Ah-ah!
If you really wish to save your
friends...
then all you have to do
is relinquish your true
Star Seed.
[scoff]
Bun-head!
[chuckle]
[flinching]
[chuckle] What a powerful Star
Seed... Just as I expected.
Hmph!
Your true Star Seed...
[gasp]
Bun-head... [grunt]
Seiya! You can't!
Huh?
It will be mine!
[gasp]
[grunt]
Ahhh!
Huh?!
Fighter Star Power...
[gasp]
...Make Up!
Seiya is... Sailor Star
Fighter...?!
I told you... No matter what, I
will protect you...
[speechless]
No... this is impossible!
Ms. Sailor Flight Attendants!
Get rid of this person now!
Yes, ma'am!
Dammit, Seiya...
I guess we have no choice.
Maker Star Power Make Up!
Healer Star Power Make Up!
We are the Sailor Star Lights!
Stage... on!
[gasp]
No way...!
Yaten is... Sailor Star Healer?
And Taiki is...
...Star Maker?
What the...
Ms. Sailor Flight Attendants!
Yes!
Ready for take off!
Star Serious Laser!
[pained screams and groans]
Now go!
Get out of here while you
still can!
Sorry, but we can't!
Huh?
Usagi! Are you ready?!
Mm!
Huh?
♪♪ gently comforting me♪♪
Mars Crystal Power... Make
Up!
♪♪ So deep into your eyes, by
your delicate face♪♪
♪♪ The beating in my chest, the
shaking of my hands♪♪
[gasp]
Mercury Crystal Power... Make
Up!
♪♪ the burning in my soul♪♪
Jupiter Crystal Power... Make
Up!
♪♪ If, only I could have met you
long ago♪♪
Venus Crystal Power... Make Up!
[gasp]
♪♪ Then, would I have your love?
I guess I'll never know♪♪
Moon Eternal... Make Up!
Hm?!
♪♪ Past distant stars, out into
space♪♪
♪♪ Just you and me, where no one
could ever reach♪♪
So, it really was you then...
Why are there so many Sailor
Guardians here?
Get them, Ms. Sailor Flight
Attendants!
Yes, ma'am!
Put on your oxygen masks!
And make sure you inflate your
life vest!
It's time for refreshments!
[gasps]
Star Gentle Uterus!
Star Sensitive Inferno!
A-are you alright, Ms. Sailor
Flight Attendants?!
Now's your chance, Sailor Moon!
Heal them!
Right!
Silver Moon....
...Crystal Power Kiss!
Beautiful!
Looks like you're the last one!
[whimpered breaths]
Galactica... Tsunami!
[quivering breaths]
Time for you to be grounded.
I'll be back to deal with you
after I come up with my next
plan!
So you've returned. Did you
bring the true Star Seed you
promised?
Uh... well...
There were a lot more Sailor
Guardians than I thought, so I
had to leave without it...
Wait... You left?!
Siren...
You idiot, hurry up and
apologize!
But I did nothing wrong.
Why apologize when it's not even
my fault?
[groaning] Please, Siren, just
do it!
Sounds to me like you made the
whole thing up.
That's so mean! I saw it with my
own eyes, why would I lie?!
I've heard enough...
[gasp] Please wait, Master
Galaxia!
There really was a true Star
Seed, I swear on it!
[gasp] No! Don't do this!
[struggling] Master Galaxia!
Please, I beg of you... Give her
one more chance! Have mercy!
Ahhh! No! Crow... I don't want
to die like this!
No!
Siren!
[speechless]
(NYANKO) Serves her right...
[grunt]
That loser wasn't suited for
this job anyway.
[grunt]
[chuckling]
(ANNOUNCER) Passengers of J-A-N
flight 135... Thank you for
flying with us.
If you checked-in luggage, it
will be located at baggage claim
carousel three.
Please make sure that you have
grabbed the correct luggage
before leaving the airport.
Uhhh..
(USAGI) The Three Lights haven't
been at school. I wish I could
talk to them...
(REI) Then go do it.
(USAGI) But I don't even know
what I would say to them.
(REI) All you've gotta do is
tell them what's been on your
mind lately.
Honesty has always been your
strong point.
(USAGI) Thank you, Rei.
(REI) Just don't get too close
to them!
(USAGI) Next time on Sailor
Stars: "Duty or Friendship:
Conflict Between the Sailor
Guardians."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.